1. Terms and conditions

By accessing the site http://gartic.io you agree to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations and agree that you are responsible for compliance therewith. If you do not agree, you are prohibited from entering this website and / or playing Gartic.io.
We reserve the right to change at any time the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.
Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of such changes.
The materials on this site are protected by applicable copyright and trademark.
A minor (anyone under 13 years of age) should seek the consent of his legal guardian prior to using the Site and / or the Gartic.io game.
Gartic.io encourages parents to instruct their children never to share personal information online. Parents, who are concerned about the transfer of their children's personal information, may contact us.
 
2. License to use
        
Permission is granted to temporarily transfer a copy of the materials on the Stopots website for personal and non-commercial transient viewing. This is the granting of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
· Attempting to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on the Gartic.io website;
· Remove any copyrights or other proprietary notices of the materials; or
· Transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license must end automatically if you violate any of these restrictions and may be banned from the site at any time. At the end of viewing these materials or after termination of this license, you must destroy all materials in your possession, whether in electronic or printed form.

3. Limitations
   
In no event will Gartic.io or its suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages resulting from the inability to use the site by user under 13 years, even if such party has been advised of the possibility of such damages. We do not accept any responsibility for external links sent to third parties. The inclusion of these links does not mean that we endorse the material or the content of the sites. We are not liable for any loss, damage or inconvenience that you suffer as a consequence of the Gartic.io Site becoming temporarily or permanently unavailable for maintenance or due to technical problems.

4. Applicable law

These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Brazil and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or place.

5. Announcements

If you click on any ad, you'll be dealing with outside companies responsible for that ad. We do not control the actions of these companies or the content of their sites. Report any ads that you find offensive or inappropriate on team@gartic.com. If we find that this ad violates our advertising standards, then we will take the necessary action. We do not accept any responsibility for third party ads that may appear on the Gartic.io Site. We are not responsible for any loss, damage or inconvenience that you suffer as a result of viewing or clicking on advertisements under any circumstances. Any request for loss must be directed against the outside company responsible for the advertisement.

7. User Conduct

You must treat all users with respect and comply with all terms, conditions and policies connected to the Site as updated. Respect the other users of the game. Inappropriate language and / or inappropriate behavior are prohibited, in this way the author can be banned from the site. We are not responsible for user content, posts, chat and / or communications. Users are responsible for their own actions and all the consequences that may arise from there.

You agree not to take any action such as:

a) Distribute, make available, write in the chat, the field of responses and / or design any content that we deem to be: defamatory, abusive, harassing, insulting, threatening, intolerant, vulgar, sexually explicit, intolerant, defending illegal activities, doing discrimination, be it social, religious, racial, sexual, political, sport, age, origin, nationality, color, disease, religion, religion or belief. marital status, family situation or any characteristic that excludes the person socially or causes embarrassment thereof, being directed to any player, family, friends or any other person outside the site. Drawings containing any quoted content may be canceled at the match and the player may be banned from the site.
b) Post, distribute, make available or transmit any information, text, message or other material that violates any right of a third party or any national or international law, rule or regulation, including but not limited to:
- Copyrights, patents, trademarks or other proprietary rights;
- Right to privacy (specifically, you should not distribute personal information of another person without any express permission) or publicity;
c) Advertise or sell products, services or other (for-profit or non-profit);
d) Post, distribute, make available or transmit any software or other computer file that contains a virus or other harmful component;
e) Represent any person or entity or misrepresent its identity with any person or entity;
f) Engaging in antisocial or destructive acts;
g) Create or use any server emulator;
h) Exclude any legal notices, exemptions or proprietary notices, such as copyright or trademark symbols, or modify any logo that you do not have or have express permission to modify;
i) Use nicknames that we consider offensive, inappropriate or that you are not authorized to use, in which case you may be banned from the site.

7.1 A player may be kicked out of the room by voting other users of the match, we will not be liable for any inconvenience caused by player actions;
7.2 A player may only report a drawing if it violates any of the previous rules.
7.3 Players can not pass the answer, or part of it, by chat. They should not also send synonyms, accent marks, punctuation (hyphen), popular phrases, color or shape suggestions for drawings, corrections of drawings, puns, advertisements or music, or any other type of help to find the answer. If the player sends letters, texts or words in the answer field so that they indicate the word of the time to other players rather than correct, it is also considered an infraction. The player can comment in the chat about something he saw in the reply part or copy a word exactly the way it was written indicating the nick of the player who wrote it. The comment made in the chat can not indicate the word of the time or contain any kind of help.

8. Considerations

If you believe that another user's behavior violates these Terms and Conditions, please let us know by sending an email to team@gartic.com. We will take reasonable steps to properly investigate and handle any breach in accordance with the Data Protection Regulation. We will not be liable for any loss, damage or inconvenience you suffer as a result of the actions of another user. Any claim should be directed against the responsible user. We also reserve the right to comply with any request or otherwise cooperate with law enforcement officials regarding the identification of any user who assumes to use the Site in violation of law.

-------------------------------------

1. Privacy Policy

In this Privacy Policy, "data" means any data about you that can identify you (alone or in combination with other data), such as your name, photo and nickname.

We may collect personal data through a third-party account such as Facebook, Google and Twitter - we exclusively collect your name, user ID and photo. If you do not authorize the collection of such data you are prohibited from using this feature, you will need to play anonymously.

Data that we may collect when you use our Service anonymously or with a previously reported third party account:

* data on your location, device type, operating system, and platform;
* data on your computer's browser version, operating system version, page load time, network, generated device identifier information, unique browser id, reference source, and IP address;
* profile photos;
* the number of times you visit our Services and the amount of time you spend using the Services.
We may use your data in the following ways:
* to ensure that you are in compliance with our terms;
* moderate their actions in public and customized rooms;
* to improve the Services for analysis and reporting purposes, and to provide technical support or answer your questions. This also includes the use of data to record any failure in our provision of the Services, so that we may report such interruptions;
* to provide contextualized ads that are of interest to you;
* allowing you to navigate the Services seamlessly.

1.1 How long do we store the data?

We will keep the data only as long as it is relevant and useful for the purpose for which it was originally collected and, otherwise, when required by law.

1.2 About data processing

The data we collect from you may be transferred and stored at a destination outside the United Kingdom or the European Economic Area (EEA), such as the US. This transfer is required to host the Services, provide support services, back up your data, and allow you to use the Services. We use third parties to help us manage your information and services; customer service provider, to host the game and the database and marketing companies to manage the advertising that appears to you. These are companies that process data on our behalf and can not use them for their own independent purposes.

1.3 Data for Advertising

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and / or provide aggregated data to help you serve ads when you visit or use our Services. We also use web analytics tools, such as Google Analytics, to analyse your use of the Services. 

1.4 Use of Cookies

Our site may use cookies to enhance the user experience. The user's web browser places cookies on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes track information about them.

These cookies are essential to help your device download or transmit information so that you can navigate the Services.
 Here are some examples of the ways in which we use strictly needed cookies:
* keep you logged in during your visit, and;
* allow you to navigate the Services seamlessly.

Our Services allow third-party companies to post advertisements and / or collect certain information when you and others use certain Services. The resulting ads usually contain cookies that are stored on your device while you visit different websites or pages.

These companies may collect certain information (e.g., clickstream information, browser type, time and date, subject of clicked or rolled ads), accurate location, and user device ID during your visits to our Services and other sites to provide ads about goods and services that are likely to interest you.

You can choose to configure your web browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do, please note that some parts of the Site may not function properly. If you want to know more and how Google uses information from sites or applications for the right purposes, please see:
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/partner-sites/ our https://support.google.com/dfp_premium/answer/2839090?hl=pt-BR&ref_topic=7395141 


1.5 Parental Control

Our services are not specifically aimed at children. If you are a user under the age of 13 and are using a third party account (Facebook / Google and / or Twitter), it is extremely necessary for your parents' consent to use your photo or name, if applicable, to use our services .
If you would like to review or change your child's information, request that he or she be excluded and / or refuse to allow any collection or use of your child's information, please email us data at team@gartic.com. Please be sure to include your email address and a phone number where we can contact you. To protect the privacy and safety of your child, we will take steps to help verify your identity before granting you access to the information we collect and maintain about your child. We recommend that parents take the time to communicate and educate their children about Internet safety.

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at team@gartic.com